Manually refresh the recognized content with `NVDA+f5` in a recognition result (#17715)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

This option is enabled by default, but can possibly result in shorter battery life.
If you suspect this option is negatively impacting your battery life, you're advised to disable it. (#17649, @LeonarddeR)
* Rate boost is now supported when using Microsoft Speech API version 5 (SAPI5) and Microsoft Speech Platform voices, which supports up to 6X speed. (#17606, @gexgd0419)

> * In a recognition result, `NVDA+f5` allows to manually refresh the recognized content. (#17715, @CyrilleB79)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In a recognition result, `NVDA+f5` manually refreshes the recognized content. (#17715, @CyrilleB79)
```
